What started as an exciting job five years ago had become rather dull and
routine for Addie. Her afternoons dragged on while she sat in front of her
computer. The dim sun, half the intensity of sun on earth and often obscured
by duststorms, only encouraged the familiar afternoon drowsiness. On top of
that, the programming tasks that the new director, Henshaw, had been giving
her were extremely boring. Addie shook herself and tried to focus on her
screen. The data entry work she was doing was barely keeping her awake.

Her incoming email icon flashed. Probably yet another uninspired task from
Henshaw. Reluctantly, she opened the email. It took a second to read the
sender's name but then Addie sat right up. It wasn't from Henshaw at all. It
was from Goliss. Addie hadn't heard from her in quite a while. In fact, after
Goliss's demotion, every attempt to contact her had been unanswered. So why
was the ex-director contacting her now?

The email message was short: "Give me a call in ten minutes. From somewhere
private. G."

Addie's thoughts started to churn. This sounded interesting and
intriguing. Even though she hadn't talked with the ex-director about the
incident, she had always felt that Van Halen mishandled the situation. She was
sure that Boston's incompetent Director, Williams, was involved. Quickly
wrapping up a couple things at her workstation, Addie rolled back from her
desk. The reduced gravity on Mars made it way too easy to push the desk chair
all the way across the room but with an amused smile Addie manage to control
herself.

One year after landfall Bon Jovi had erected a tall observation tower. At the
base of the tower they had built a recreation center that became very popular
for the colony residents. Above the rec center the tower itself extended three
hundred feet and an elevator ran to the top where there was a small
twenty-five hour cafe with a 360 degree view of rust colored rocks and rust
colored dust. At first this was quite the hotspot but the novelty wore off
within a few months. The unchanging scenery, red rocks as far as anyone could
see, wasn't enough to keep people excited. Now, the Barsoom Lounge was usually
occupied by small groups of people looking for some quiet or private space.

Addie arrived at the lounge and found a small table near the window with
plenty of space between her and a group of three nerdy looking guys. Those
guys seemed to be involved in some sort of table top board game so they
wouldn't be paying attention to her. She dialed Goliss' number on her phone
and waited for the answer.

"Hello." Goliss answered on the first ring. "Thanks so much for calling me
back."  There was urgency in her voice and she sounded a little worked up. She
continued without waiting for Addie's reply. "What do you know about what
happened a few years ago with Boston?"

"Well," Addie replied slowly. She knew that she didn't know the whole
story. "I only know that after the crash, Van Halen did an investigation. The
Boston Director provided the data for their investigation and they found that
you were at fault. So they demoted you from Bon Jovi and sent you to
Survivor. To be honest, I didn't think it was fair."

Goliss sputtered on the phone. "Fair! Of course it wasn't fair. That scum
Williams, he faked the data. I knew it but I couldn't prove it. He just did it
to save his own skin. He was, actually still is, an incompetant fool. But now
I have something." Her tone turned more conspiratorial. "I can prove that
Williams' incompetance is still in full swing. I want to get him out of there!
This is where I need your help."

A twinge of excitement raced through Addie. This definitely sounded better
than the drivel that Henshaw kept sending her way. She always had liked Goliss
and if she could do something to help her -- well, it sounded great.

"Ok. What is it? How can I help?"

"Have you seen the production reports from Boston over the last couple of
years?"

"Yeah. Kind of. I'm not interested in that stuff, really, so I only barely pay
attention. Henshaw keeps posting the reports. I think he wants us all to see
how the other sites are doing so we don't get lazy. Or something like that."

"Well, they are fake. I'm sure of it. I got my hands on a big chunk of raw
data from the last three years. Over 300,000 data entries. When I started
sifting through the data I found that it wasn't matching the official Boston
reports. I think I can prove that they are falling way behind in water and
mineral production from their mines. It will take me months to look through
the data manually so I was hoping you could write a small program to do this
automatically. And if we can prove that Williams is lying about this... well,
it just might raise some valid questions."

"Uh. Sure. That seems possible."

"Ok good. I'll email the data file over to you. Along with an explanation and
example of the report I need." The ex-director sounded excited and
energized. "I can't tell you how this makes me feel. Finally I'm going to be
able to get that reprehensible man to face the music. I'll send the files
right away. Ok?"

"Ok. Awesome. I'll get right on it. Should be just a couple of days."

"Thanks," she replied. "I really appreciate it." She ended the call.
